my name is Mike Winchell punk i walk he
doesn't know hi skip class the
autocratic Thomas hike nice nice one
more modest néomi job listen to color
nails I'll pretty poor chewy is this is
about it hmm cousin Cora girl who can
take all this already came ok cool hi
baby laughs come let's see ping koso
close it only auto to prison skills
don't do my Disney the way to ikea we
don't get silly on top you are a
demotion put a clinic which is you might
cotton desk
nobody came so it only 22 medicine mido
skip calculated hate to cut this down on
the work no shadow 30 sun photo baby
person hey mom to my chemo so put it on
the skin take on the morons nobody to
echo a tip putting my tip then I so let
me know what see me make myself hey
Democrat is also created you get you one
okay sorry we're gonna keep going on
I would include it in a reason Gerudo
who don't cut out a lot a lot alike I
was st see how he was here to go hey
total 8090 altitude so I sent him up I'm
come it was 300 behind 90 and I rolled
up and I seen my uncle toby on say that
tiny skull another holy communist local
co-op and dissing my mind every day to
myself a lot